Hey guys welcome back to the chorus.
So as you've seen from the last group of lectures there are many different ways you can create content
for your business.
Digging for ideas might take some time but you can come up with ideas lists stories all kinds of ways
to educate share and inform.
But before we move forward I want to hit you with something that needs to stick with you throughout
your content creation process.
Any time you have one of those great ideas about content like an awesome top 10 list idea or an ultimate
guide to doing whatever you can totally crush dude.
Just remember that whatever you make should be created for a specific reason.
If you're not trying to support a product or a business and you're just blogging for fun then yeah sure
try out articles and write whatever you feel like because it's totally up to you.
Marvin what do you make of this.
I don't even have a be.
We've got to have an opinion but when you make a content strategy as part of a larger growth strategy
for an actual business you put it together to support your goals and the business behind it specifically.
So if all content should be created for a reason.
What kind of reasons are we talking about.
Most of the reasons why we write content is going to be grouped into three big ones.
Number one is branding.
Number two is engagement and word three is conversions.
But the first reason is branding and branding goals include building awareness like when you're first
starting out.
We're launching a new product with new content you can build awareness and your audience branding goals
can also include things like improving your reputation like establishing yourself as an expert which
you can definitely do if you create a lot of great articles and posts on a topic you know well.
You can also focus on engagement goals which was the second type which means generating some kind of
reaction with the content you create.
Now engagement can mean like sickman shares in comments.
I mean a lot of other things those reactions are meaningful because content that generates them engagement
can build buzz about you and your business.
That's where the marketing really starts growing and multiplying.
Encouragement is great too because it can help you increase your exposure without relying on paid marketing
channels.
And the last group of goals are conversion goals.
Now conversions happen when a reader or web site visit or performs some kind of action like making a
purchase setting up for an email list or something that can be measured since conversions usually involve
money you can bet a lot of people focus on these goals and content absolutely helps them with it as
well.
We'll talk each kind of goal in more detail coming up in the next set of lectures so stay tuned.
See that.